Requirements:
Create a command line contacts book using java and oracle database.
Provide features to add contacts, update contacts, search contacts and delete contacts
Each contact should have following mandatory details
	1. First Name
	2. Last Name
	3. Country code (E.g. +91)
	4. Mobile number 
	5. Mobile number type (Home, Personal, Office)
Each contact can have the following optional details
	1. Email address
	2. Email address type (work, personal)
	
Command line options:
When user launch the command line application, program should provide the options like

To search a contact , enter S
To add a contact , enter A
To update a contact, enter U
To delete a contact, enter D

Search:
	When user select option S (search), then program should provide two options
	To Search with First Name , Enter F
	To Search with Last Name, Enter L
	
	Program should return the results as per the search option (either first name or last name)
	
Add:
	When user select option A (Add), then program should ask for the following details
		a. First Name
		b. Last Name
		c. Country code (E.g. +91)
		d. Mobile number 
		e. Mobile number type (Home, Personal, Office)
		f. Email address
		g. Email address type (work, personal)
	
	If User don’t provide any of the above details (except email and email type) then throw warning message. Lets say , if user did not proved the country code then throw warning message, "Country code is required. Pleaser provide country code"
	
	
	
Update:
	When user select option U (update), then program should ask for the following details
		a. First Name
		b. Last Name
	And ask for the details to be updated like below.
		a. Country code (E.g. +91)
		b. Mobile number 
		c. Mobile number type (Home, Personal, Office)
		d. Email address
		e. Email address type (work, personal)
	
	E.g. if user enter  First name = Naga, last Name = C , Country code = +65 then update the country code of Naga C.
	
	
Delete:
	When user select option U (update), then program should ask for the following details
		a. First Name
		b. Last Name

	E.g. if user enter  First name = Naga, last Name = C then delete the contact Naga C



Java Project Name : MyContacts

Directory structure:
	Parent directory MyContacts
	Source files directory ./MyContacts/Src
	Class files directory ./MyContacts/Classes
	Jar files directory ./MyContacts/lib
	Resources directory ./MyContacts/resources (to store any static data)


Java package structure
	com.sai.contacts.services
	com.sai.contacts.oracle
	
Classes under package "com.sai.contacts.services"
	MyContacts - contains main method, other supporting methods.
		
Classes under package "com.sai.contacts.oracle"
	Connection - contains methods to connect, disconnect oracle server.
	Adapters - contains methods to select, insert, update and delete oracle table entries.
